 > If you are a streamer or a content creator, please, read this .txt at the start of your first video/stream. NOT REQUIRED/OBLIGATED.



  * "Super Kaizo Galaxy: My Poem To Life" is a mod created by Sheep that explores a part of the past really far away, hundred of years before the events of Red Sun. This mod changes the
 place of all Power Stars to make them the same way Nintendo did with the Green Stars in Super Mario Galaxy 2.
   With that, some parts of the Galaxies are changed, but every level will stay very vanilla outside of Power Star placements. No level is totally custom, I am sorry.
   This mod is Luigi and 2P only, the same way Red Sun is. This mod is released before Red Sun to be able to train people with 2P for what is to come in Red Sun - though...

   Do understand that the difficulty of "My Poem To Life" is NOT the same as Red Sun, not even close. Yes, it has the name "Super Kaizo Galaxy", but only because it's from that same
  lore as Blue Eclipse, Red Sun, Green Moon, or any other mod that could be released from that "Universe".

   I did mess up in the past with "Chaos des Quatre Saisons", which was meant to be an "average difficult" mod, but was actually one of the hardest galaxy I've made yet.
   This mod, and I promise you, is not the same.
   I made sure that the mod would be able to be completed by everyone. Do note that some Power Stars are difficult ONLY because it requires some knowledge or trial and errors: after all,
  I am a TASer and strat-hunter, so I do know a lot about the game (look at the creator bragging omgbruh).
   With that in mind, PLEASE do NOT start backseat instantly if you know the answer. You can of course help with strats/puzzle solving, but do NOT be annoying about it or act like
  all-mighty if you know the answer before.

   I want to make sure I am clear here: this mod is NOT MEANT TO BE AS HARD AS THE MAINLINE ECLIPSE TRILOGY MODS. THIS MOD IS NOT AS HARD!!! So, please, keep your exceptations in check.
  Do not be annoying about it and if you are here ONLY for extreme Kaizo difficulty, then either leave, either be prepared to be disappointed.

   With all that in mind, the mod stays difficult in its own rights. Because the mod doesn't try to be too extremely difficult, no tier-list is made for this one - there will be one for
  Red Sun, don't worry, and same for Green Moon.

   Thanks for playing this mod. Thanks also to the great "TheMagicCactus", a good friend and creator of Superstar (for SMG), for the great logo he provided me, and thanks "icofriendly"
  (creator of Galactic Purgatory) for the 1P + 2P color changes. Of course, lastly, thank you to VTXG for creating TicoKit and allowing some stuff that weren't possible at all in the
  past without extreme difficulty, like changing Galaxy places, changing what OSTs play where, the Comet Medals, etc...


   - Sheep.


  (Last note: this mod was made in 4 weeks. I polished it like I could, but this mod is meant to be a quick mod I made during Red Sun developement.
  I don't want to report Red Sun even more.)